AST-3122 - Fix: Slide Cart Goes Blank when Elementor Pro is enabled. (#5082)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Topic tags div visible multiple times and goes into infinite loop in case of BBPress.
- Fix: Offcanvas - Builder component popup overlaps on customizer controls section.
- Fix: WooCommerce - Widget's dropdown arrow is moving to top corner.

> - Fix: WooCommerce - Slide Cart Goes Blank when Elementor Pro is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Header Builder - Cart - Slide cart goes blank when Elementor Pro is active with latest version.
```
